Remove KMS requiring metadata files (closes #4375) (#4700)
spiffe/spire: doc/plugin_server_keymanager_aws_kms.md

The plugin accepts the following configuration options:

| Key                  | Type   | Required                              | Description                                                                                | Default                                                 |
|----------------------|--------|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| access_key_id        | string | see [AWS KMS Access](#aws-kms-access) | The Access Key Id used to authenticate to KMS                                              | Value of the AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID environment variable     |
| secret_access_key    | string | see [AWS KMS Access](#aws-kms-access) | The Secret Access Key used to authenticate to KMS                                          | Value of the AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY environment variable |
| region               | string | yes                                   | The region where the keys will be stored                                                   |                                                         |

> | key_metadata_file    | string | yes                                   | A file path location where information about generated keys will be persisted (deprecated) |                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| key_metadata_file    | string | Required if key_identifier_value is not set | A file path location where information about generated keys will be persisted (deprecated, use key_identifier_file instead) |                                                         |
```

> | key_identifier_file  | string | yes                                   | A file path location where information about generated keys will be persisted              |                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| key_identifier_file  | string | Required if key_identifier_value is not set | A file path location where information about generated keys will be persisted              |                                                         |
```

> | key_identifier_file  | string | Required if key_identifier_value is not set | A file path location where information about generated keys will be persisted              |                                                         |

Reviewer 2: Are both of these files required when `key_identifier_value` is not set?

Reviewer 2: Apologies, I missed the deprecated notice. You may consider removing more completely e.g.

```suggestion
| key_metadata_file    | string | Deprecated. Use key_identifier_file instead |                                                         |
| key_identifier_file  | string | Required if key_identifier_value is not set | A file path location where information about generated keys will be persisted              |                                                         |
```

Or

```suggestion
| key_identifier_file  | string | Required if key_identifier_value is not set | A file path location where information about generated keys will be persisted (previously `key_metadata_file`)             |                                                         |
```

Author: `key_metadata_file` is deprecated and replaced with `key_identifier_file`. So maybe the required column for `key_metadata_file` should just say "no"?

Reviewer: >So maybe the required column for key_metadata_file should just say "no"?

Sounds reasonable to me.

Author: Done.

> | key_identifier_value | string | yes                                   | A static identifier for the SPIRE server instance (used instead of `key_metadata_file`)    |                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| key_identifier_value | string | Required if key_identifier_file is not set | A static identifier for the SPIRE server instance (used instead of `key_metadata_file`)    |                                                         |
```
